Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Riki.
Riki! Riki! Riki!
Riki!
What does this
look like to you?
Just a regular old house. right?
An ordinary house
on a happy occasion.
A house much like yours.
But what if I was to tell you
there was someone else
living in your house
without your knowledge?
And I don't mean the hamster
that got loose last summer.
no. no. no.
It's actually someone
you've never seen before.
Perhaps you've heard of them
being referred to
by names such as Lars.
Goblins or House Elves.
In any case. they are
the invisible spirit of a house
and in our story.
they're called Finns.
There's no creature
quite like a Finn.
I know it's hard to imagine.
but these hidden roommates
live in every house
in the entire world.
No. no. really! Even in yours.
Uh. honey dear.
have you seen my glasses?
-Your glasses?
-Oh! On my head.
Finns keep things in order.
And ultimately. it's Finns
who turn your house
into a home...sweet...home.
Finns have a duty
to watch over everyone
and everything
within their home.
Ah!
Of course. Finns take special
care of their family's pets...
Wuh?
..whether they be tiny or plump.
tabby or ginger.
Whoa!
This is gonna go viral
in no time!
They even keep an eye on you
when you stay up way too late
and snooze through your alarm.
-Huh?
Ugh! Oh. no. again?!
You get the picture.
The chief goal of a Finn
is to bring peace and harmony
into the home.
It's their way of life
and their guiding purpose.
No Finn would ever dream
about breaking
this glorious tradition.
And that. my friends.
is the end of our story.
Or it would have been.
had it not been for
one singularly unusual Finn.
Oh. I refuse to stay in
this house for one more minute!
Well. it was your idea
to rent it. remember?
Oh. yeah?! Well. why
didn't YOU talk me out of it?!
I. uh. didn't know.
Maybe if you'd done
the walk-through
like I asked you to. you would
have noticed the evil energy!
But you didn't
because you never listen!
What now? Oh. never mind.
It's fine. we'll just go
and live with your mother.
What?
Has it come to that?
-It can't be any worse!
-Oh. such a pity!
But they had to go!
-Ah!
Oh! Whose house? My house!
Whoo-hoo!
Shake it. shake it. shake it!
Let's see what we've got here!
Strike! Hm!
No humans. No problems!
This is my house!
We're almost there. guys!
I just keep forgetting
the name of this town.
-Berg. sweetie. Berg.
-Mm!
I hope Christine's able to make
some new friends in this town.
Every time I make new
friends we have to move again.
so I'm not sure
that I see the point.
Anyway. detectives
don't really need friends.
We have to focus
on our investigations.
Do you really think
there'll be anything
to investigate
in this adorable little town?
Mom. there's
an adorable little town
just like this one in my book.
"The mastermind's trail
"led straight to
a quiet mountain town.
"and there was no way of knowing
"that all of its citizens.
from the police to the baker.
"belonged to a criminal gang.
"The very last thing
Amanda expected to find was..."
-Our own amusement park!
-Oh. look. Christine!
They even have a Ferris wheel!
Anyone up for a ride?
-I am!
-Yeah!
-Ha-ha!
-Dad. you just missed the turn.
Ha!
Thanks for watching. Sherlock.
Nothing gets past this one.
All done? That went by fast.
What's the point?
I already figured out
who did it.
Oops. boom gate!
That was a close one!
MAN OVER MEGAPHONE:
The detective enters the shot
and cautiously looks for clues.
Did I not say cautiously?!
Aha!
He sees something suspicious!
Might this be the evidence
he's looking for?
That's it. keep going!
JB. that trash
won't empty itself.
Yeah. can I do it later?
I need to get into character
and warm up for my big scene.
-Tick-tock!
-Huh!
Let's set up for the next scene!
Extras. stand by!
What a strange set
of circumstances indeed.
But even this crime
has to have a villain.
a Violet Villain. that is.
Ah! Oh! Bah-bah-bah-bah!
Wha... Wha... What?
What in the world? Cut!
What are you doing?!
You're just supposed to walk by.
that's all!
Hear me out.
I've got an idea that would
make the scene so much better!
I've got one as well.
Get off of my set!
Want another take?
Uh...
Nah. that'll do.
Moving on. people!
What's taking so long?!
A tortoise moves faster
than you. Shoulda hired him!
You must be the newbies!
-Uh-huh. uh-huh!
-Uh-huh. uh-huh. yeah!
And we're so grateful
to be here!
And of course.
we're both classically trained.
Good for you.
Welcome to
our micro-budget nightmare...
..I mean.
our hit detective series.
'The Violet Villain'.
Here's your pages.
Oh! Will the rest be coming?
Our director never
gives out the whole script
so we can keep up the intrigue.
even amongst the actors.
So much for intrigue.
The butler did it.
What makes you think that?
Could be that man in the
butler costume with the knife.
-Elementary.
-Alright!
Well. here are the keys to your
new house for the time being.
Oh. thank you.
Uh. it's not
what I'd call a "Wow!"
Let's face it.
you guys aren't a "Wow!"
Hey! Stop!
Where you taking that?!
I need it for the next scene...
We actually
have lines in the scene!
I'm so proud!
OK.
let's give this new scene a try.
Quiet on the set. and action!
Cut!
Is that your idea
of an evil laugh?
Come on!
Take 10!
Hmm.
I know how you must feel.
It must be torture for
someone with the talent
and unparalleled genius
you have to be surrounded
by these second-rate hacks
with no instincts.
Take this actor.
who should be the star...
-He's so wooden!
-Huh?
I mean. where's the passion?
How dare you say that?!
I'm oozing with passion!
Just give me a shot!
I'll show you how it's done!
To perform for
a director of your stature.
you have to put
your whole body into your art!
If you give me
the role of this villain.
I will gladly give you my heart!
-Huh?
Uh. what...what do you mean?
Yep. Just when I thought
I'd seen it all.
I guess I didn't count on you!
Someone get this fool
off my set once and for all!
Whoa!
-Oh! Whoa!
-What?
You're not an actor!
You're not a villain!
You're a janitor!
And as of today.
you're not even that anymore
because you...are...fired!
No! But I love this
more than anything...
-I said you're fired!
That's showbiz. isn't it?
-Uh-huh.
-Uh-huh. sure is.
And somebody turn off
that blasted water!
Sweetie. are you sure
that this is the right house?
What? Again?
Yep.
Pretty sure the key
would have fit
if the lock hadn't been broken.
-Well...
-Whoa. whoa. whoa!
..I like it better than
the last one!
This is my house! Where are you
putting all that junk. huh?
Eugh! Looks like a crime scene
in here.
Don't worry. honey.
We'll make it a home.
-Ugh. Awesome.
-You call this awesome?
What would be awesome
is if you got outta here!
Here's the perfect spot
for my record collection.
This is also the perfect spot
for my prank collection!
It'll be nice and cosy
before you know it!
Before YOU know it. you're
gonna be out on your rumps!
You have no idea
what you stepped in!
I just stepped
in something sticky.
A couple of comforts.
some soft music
and our perfect little toaster
are all this family needs
to feel at home.
I'm with you. babe!
Yoink!
Sweetie.
have you seen the toaster?
And there you have it -
half a dozen
delectable doughnuts.
I wish you could have seen it.
We were just standing there
and then we all went like this.
-$3.50. please.
-Everybody started laughing.
It was the last thing
they expected.
I didn't even mind
getting in trouble.
Thank you. kindly.
Please come again.
Hello!
I. uh. haven't seen you
around here. My name is...
Mark.
It's stitched right there
on your backpack.
Of course it is.
-Oh!
-Is this her?
Didn't you just move into
the creepiest house in town?
You should know that nobody
stays for long in that house.
We never stay anywhere for long.
But you should be careful.
There have been
some spine-chilling tales
of that place.
Come on. everything
has a logical explanation.
Aw!
And I've heard that there
are sounds of bones crunching
in the night.
or even worse...CHIPS!
Not to mention flying toasters!
That house is haunted!
And that means that you're
gonna need a brave...
..no. incredibly brave friend.
Uh. thank you.
but I've got this.
I'll haunt this town
until my last breath!
And you'll never. ever catch me!
No. never!
-We're safe.
Huh?
Sorry. Mark.
but you never had a chance!
I've had it.
I've been trying to tell you
what's going on.
but you never. ever listen!
Maybe I'd listen if you stopped
yelling at me like a banshee!
When did you become
so heartless?
I'd rather live with a snake
than live with you!
At least it would be
a little bit warmer!
These guys
are out of their minds!
Oh. it's almost too easy!
Then why don't you
go live with your snake?
Stop hissing at me! Brrr.
Wait a minute. wait a minute.
I think you missed a cue here.
-Huh?
-Oh. did I?
Yeah. you forgot to say.
"Then move on and move out!"
Oh. that's right.
You've gotta be kidding.
They're just saying lines
from a scene!
And try it
with more intensity.
This is unacceptable!
Yeah. great note.
Let's do it again!
Shouldn't you guys
have left by now?
-What time is it?
-Time to go.
-I can't believe it.
-We lost track of time!
-It all felt so real!
-So sinister!
-Mwah!
Do you know how much I love you?
-I guarantee I love you more!
-Mwah!
-Our first rehearsal!
-Hurry!
I'm gonna do more than just
rehearse. It's opening night!
Where do you think you're going?
Wha... What's going on?
Hm.
You thought you'd get away
with it.
but the fickle finger of fate
just dialled your phone number.
You'll never catch the Violet
Villain in a blackout!
Take it easy. Christine.
Everything has
a logical explanation.
Haunted houses don't exist.
Brrr!
Take this!
Ugh!
What the...
Hey. wait!
Aren't you going to introduce
yourself? Oh. no. you don't!
Will you just stop
for a second so that I can...
Ow. ow. ow. ow. ow. oh! Oh!
What did she think
she was doing?
Did she just really bite me?!
Ow!
Oh. boy. What are you?
Huh? What?!
You can actually see me?
-Well. I guess that I can.
-Oh. not good!
Oh!
It's because you yanked out
some of my fur and you...
Oh! A whole tuft of fur!
Huh?
And I need it!
You give me back my fur!
Now. wait a second.
First I want to know
what you are.
Oh! I'm a Finn. This is
my house and that is my fur!
-Give it!
-Finns don't really exist.
Oh. that's right!
Just hang onto that thought
and give me back my fur!
I think you're trying to say
that the reason I can see you
is because I have
a little piece of your fur.
In what world
is that chunk a little piece?
-Come on. give it back or...
-Or you'll do what?
Or else I'll start screaming
and banging on the walls.
I will go to crazy-town!
This is all crazy-town.
-But also interesting.
-You don't understand!
If the other Finns were to
find out that you can see me.
then I'll...I mean. we'll
be in serious trouble!
So then there are more of you?
Uh... Nope.
ANOTHER FINN:
Finnick. are you in there?
Expecting someone?
Don't move!
You see. I told you
he was still at home. guys!
-Huh?
Hm. Is that one of the new ones?
Weirdo! Why'd she freeze
in the middle of the room?
'Cause she's a few hairs
short of a tuft! Uh. yeah.
Your house always gets
the weirdos. Or the lazy ones.
Uh. or the lazy weirdos!
-Yeah.
-Oh!
What?
Oh. nothing. just a doughnut.
What. are you nuts?
What? It's practically clean!
What's a hungry Finn supposed...
Now. what's that she's holding?
Oh. that? That's nothing!
You know those kids
and their crafting.
Let's go.
We'll be late for the meeting.
PINK AND BLUE FINN:
That's right.
Oh. look what time it is.
Time for me to go and
do something totally weird!
Don't even think
about following us!
I'm sorry. but I'm afraid
that I can't see or hear you.
-Ohh!
-Finnick!
Tick-tock already or we'll be
late to our weekly Finn-counter!
You got that right!
Well. I've never left
a single trace!
That's 'cause hygiene
is my middle name.
And I never take anything
when they're looking!
They can't even stomach a UFO.
let alone a Finn like you!
You have to put safety first.
Finnies!
Hmm.
I must say I...find myself
surprisingly interested
in this case.
Order! Come on. Finns.
quiet down now.
I guess I officially declare
our weekly meeting in session.
Hey. I hear Finnick's
got some new tenants!
Finnick. tell us how it's going
with your new guests.
I hope they're not
as rotten as the last ones!
Uh...definitely not!
They're perfectly normal!
-Not like your usual guests!
Enough with all
the mocking and bickering.
We Finns gotta stick together!
Like this gum sticks to
my fuzzy rump!
Finnick. is there something
you're not saying?
Uh. I heard Muffinn's human
nearly burned down
a film studio!
Good one. Finnick!
And he almost starred
in a TV show.
His career's really on fire!
You know your man's
not an actor.
He's a janitor!
No. he's an actor!
You don't know my human at all!
He's got a real gift!
Yeah. a gift for
being a total sad-sack loser!
-Or a pro fire-starter!
-Yeah. Muffinn!
Maybe you should order him
a fire extinguisher!
And get a move on before
he burns the whole city down!
You don't understand anything!
You know nothing of art!
But...you'll...see.
Let's hurry this up.
I got 10 doughnuts
on a soccer game!
Mm-hm!
Yep. just one last thing.
Isn't it time for Sherlock
to be off to sleep?
Just one minute more.
I'm conducting an investigation.
Ah. and what will you call it?
The up-all-night case?
Funny. Mom.
But I've got a suspect already.
so it won't be long. Hm!
Hm. you're so clever!
Hm. Hmm.
Yeah. Mom.
and if you stop by the store.
could you maybe pick up some...
Let's see.
Well. anything but cheese
with black mould.
We already have that.
Yeah. yeah. I'll be here.
'K. 'bye.
-Huh?
Hey there.
Uh. hey there?
-Mark.
-Yeah. I remember.
And your name's...
Your name's Christine!
Thanks. I nearly forgot.
So I read that book of yours.
and now I too am using
the de...the de-de...
The de... The defective method!
-Deductive method.
-That's what I meant.
Uh. this house
is actually pretty nice.
I mean. creepy.
but in a good way.
You're the only
creepy thing here!
Oh. how much more
do you expect me to take?
-I just thought I'd stop by.
Did I see something?
It was probably just a rat.
A nasty big old furry green rat.
Yeah. well. I-I-I was thinking
maybe we could go see a movie.
or. you know. just hang out?
-How about a thriller?!
Uh...
Wait. did you say a rat?
Uh-huh.
And actually.
you're better off hanging out
with someone who'll still
be here in a couple weeks.
Here! You thirsty. kid?
Don't worry about it.
It's all good.
But I'm afraid
I should be going now.
So long. defective!
It's only a little juice!
Totally fine. See you later!
Whew!
Yeah. that wasn't
too awkward at all.
I mean. at least that time we
spoke more than a few seconds.
You and me
gotta lay down some rules.
You are forbidden
to bring any people here!
Hm! And what's so bad
about people?
Bad? Bad?! You break
everything I care about.
You're messy and noisy
and you won't leave my house!
Oh. and then you have the nerve
to say my house is super creepy!
I was one of
the all-time greats
until my house
was rented to strangers!
You people have turned this
house into a three-ring circus!
All of these babies. punks.
little old ladies and harpists!
-They're destroying my home!
How can you not see
that if the house goes away.
then the Finn goes away too!
But humans don't care. do you?!
Now get out of my house!
-Oh!
Ohhh!
So. over the years.
I have come up with
one true motto.
No humans. no problems!
Arggh!
Why do all humans have to be
so useless and loud
all the time?
Huh? Look! Just look at this!
This ridiculous contraption!
Every week it's the same thing!
Ruh-ruh-ruh-ruh-ruh-ruh-ruh!
Please tell me why even
bother planting grass
if you won't let it grow?!
-Oh! Whoa!
Run for your life!
It's Finn versus machine!
Don't let it cut my fur!
-Let go!
-Whoa!
Hey!
Do you know
what would have happened
if that thing cut my fur?!
Well. I suppose
you might look like
an over-plucked. green chicken.
And I'd be just as dumb!
But your fur is fine.
Oh! Have you looked back here?
Ew. I don't want to
look back there!
You alright there?
You're awfully quiet.
I think you're even angrier
than usual.
Careful!
Why would anyone
drive a car like that?
They never stop rocking
from side to side.
I don't like being
tossed around like that!
It's not my fault.
If it wasn't for you.
I wouldn't be here
in the first place!
Listen. you ought to learn
how to control your temper.
I'm not the least bit angry.
I'm calm. Absolutely calm!
Absolutely!
Oh. yeah.
Mm. 'bout time the coal arrived.
Do you see what
you've reduced me to?
Hey!
-Ow!
-Oh! What do I do with you?
-Because seven ate nine. Hey!
This way!
Took 'em long enough
to get us this coal!
Wha... This isn't coal!
What...
What's the idea?!
Huh! There's no driver!
Looks like...popcorn?
I never thought I'd say this.
but run for your lives!
It's popcorn!
-Go take your lunch break. Dad.
I gotta call you back.
Ugh!
Stop! In the name of justice!
Running will only make things
worse.
Huh?
Run! It's a snack attack!
Popcorn! Tasty popcorn!
Popcorn! Get your popcorn here!
Tasty popcorn!
Huh? Mm!
Popcorn! Tasty popcorn!
Tasty popcorn!
Taxi! Huh?
Don't expect a positive review
after this!
Whoa!
Please help me.
Oh-ho!
Juan Sanchez stars
in the feel-good
runaway train movie...
Did you have to
forget the popcorn?!
This is just excessive.
I told you to get the medium!
What's this now. one of
those flash mob thingies?
What people consider
entertainment these days!
Stand by now.
we go live in three...
For the first time in 20 years.
the news
is actually interesting.
That is.
I'm reporting a major crime.
The perpetrators
have staged an eruption
of a popcorn...
..a popcorn...
..a popcorn volcano
that is now terrorising
the entire town.
Postal Service. You've got post.
Huh?
-Here you go.
-Thanks so much.
What do we have here?
"To all the citizens of Berg.
"I've only just begun.
so in your face.
"Yours truly.
the Invisible Terror.
"Ha-ha-ha. ha-ha. ha-ha-ha. ha.
"ha-ha. ha-ha. ha-hee-ha..."
TV news!
That's how I'll warn people...
Ugh!
-Huh?
-Check this out!
Show the criminal's face
to everyone in Berg!
Look. kid. wait your turn.
Can't you see we're on the air?
-Please. just take a look!
-Stop it!
It's the scoop of the year.
-Not now!
-Come on. you have to see this!
Hm!
-Hey there!
-Hm. I can't see anything.
Nice try. young lady.
but now you need
to get on your merry way.
Ha! We're back.
and we have the latest!
But I saw it with my own eyes.
The case'll be solved
by smart minds.
while you stay up to date
with handsome faces!
And we're out.
So tell me. how did I look. huh?
You got mostly
my good side. right?
You can't always
count on the news.
I've got this!
Mm!
First you invade my home.
then you take my fur.
and now you come to me and say.
"Please. Finnick.
"I need your help."
But you don't ask me
with any kind of respect
or offer anything in return.
What I can offer
is a real adventure!
Huh? Adventure? What adventure?
I'm a Finn.
we don't have adventures!
Which is why I need you to
help me catch the main suspect.
Because I'm pretty sure
he's a Finn!
Hm? Huh?
I don't buy it.
And give me one good reason
why I should help.
-Hey...
-Huh?
Hey. hey!
Because you're not just
helping me.
you're helping the whole town.
How about you just save the town
while I wait here
in this...suitcase!
Just think about it.
What can the police do
against an invisible criminal?
Only a very brave girl and the
world's first Finn detective
have any hope of saving Berg!
Well. maybe I'll help.
but only on three conditions.
First of all.
get down on your knees...
..and say you're sorry.
Secondly. I want you
to clean out my attic.
While on your knees.
And thirdly. you will give me
back my fur this very instant!
On your knees. naturally.
We catch the culprit first.
and then I'll give you your fur.
-The fur first.
-Nope. That's not gonna work.
Fine then!
Haggling's not my strong suit.
But if you trick me.
I'll hide all of your books
and eat all of your candy.
And I promise you'll be
inspecting every glass
before drinking
for the rest of your life!
-Get it?
-Handshake?
Paw slap.
CHRISTINE:
The truck was right here
when I saw the Finn jump
into it and speed away.
You're not gonna find anything.
and you're wasting my time.
Uh-huh. Right.
What do you make
of this oil stain?
There was once
this nasty old lady
who lived in my house.
like. a few years back.
And this one time.
I spilled oil on the floor...
It leaked from the engine!
Can't you see. he left a trail!
-Come on. let's follow it!
This is the end of it.
What would a detective do next?
Think!
I don't suppose that you
could tell me who it is
if you take a little whiff
of it?
Take a whiff?
Do I look like a dog?!
-No. I thought maybe you...
-Ha!
YOU take a whiff!
Just what do you think I am?
You smell anything?
Just the scent of my own shame.
And allergies.
Finnick!
Uh. Huh?
Eugh.
Ew. what are you doing? Eugh.
Oh. well. you can't say
I didn't try.
but it's just not going to
work out.
I'll take that fur.
Well...
-Mm...
-Chop. chop.
Not so fast.
You and me are never
gonna find that truck!
This is what they mean
by "a needle in a haystack".
Accept it. You lost. the jig
is up. the credits are rolling.
Game over.
Elvis has left the building.
the carrots are cooked.
the ship has sailed.
What else can I possibly say?
Just turn around.
Yeah. I've heard that one
before!
And see. there's nothing there!
-Whoa!
-Oh!
-The truck!
-That's the one?
And we're gonna catch it!
You serious?
I can't believe
I signed up for this.
-Follow the trail! Sniff!
-Hang a left!
Huh. Oh!
Mm. Ha!
-Ha! Hey. look!
It's that hilarious cat
that walks up on its front legs!
I knew this was gonna go viral
as soon as I saw it!
Do you think we can get that cat
to do your job?
Huh?
Come on. keep up!
This is as fast as I go!
You may want to think about
taking a bike next time!
- Welcome aboard the...
-I've got a better idea.
-Come on! Hurry!
-..safest train in the world!
Your very own professional
train conductor...
Come on! Move it. Finnick!
..to the destination
safe and sound!
CHRISTINE:
We need to see the driver.
The truck's right there!
Should we get out
and push the train?
-What now?!
-You wanted to keep up!
Real funny!
When we find out
who this mysterious driver is.
then I'm gonna...
Oh. ow. ow. ow!
-Come on! This way!
-What? again?
Are all chases
so full of chasing?
Sherlock Holmes must have been
in better shape than me.
-Excuse me!
-Out of my way!
What. no apology?
Huh? Why should I apologise
when you pushed me?!
We can do this!
-Too late!
-Aw. rats!
-The licence plate!
-I saw!
What is it?
It's a rectangular metal plate
with letters and numbers.
but I didn't have time
to read them.
No. he's getting away!
All is lost.
I can't believe
that a Finn is behind this.
In my experience.
it's people that mess things up.
But what would you know
about that?
I know quite a lot. actually.
I've lived in five towns.
And I had friends
in each one of them.
We'd play games and hang out.
and we talked about everything.
And when I moved.
did any of them even
think about calling me?
Hm?
No way. I'm not like that.
When you finally
move out of my house.
I promise
I won't forget to call you.
Ser-i-ous-ly...
Ouch!
Next time
I'm riding in first class!
And it only gets better
from here!
Oh!
But how...how can that be right?
-That's physically impossible.
I know. but it looks so real!
I can't believe my eyes.
-How can there be two trains?
Will you look at the screen
already. you nitwit?!
Huh?
No. this simply
cannot be happening!
Eastbound 74.
you must stop immediately.
I repeat. stop immediately.
right this minute!
We've got to stop them!
There's another train
heading for you!
There's no need to panic.
We covered this...in class.
Oh! That was the class I missed!
Attention. all!
It's time to hang on tight!
Ugh!
Huh? OK. everyone.
Panic!
Huh? What is this?!
We have to get off the train!
On the count of three. Three!
I've never been on a train
before. Is this normal?
-Not exactly!
Oh. jeez. it's not even
my shift!
Well. I've got something to say
to customer service
about your train!
Huh!
Who's got a train anymore?
Huh? Oh!
Pfft!
Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh!
Oh. hey. guys.
gonna need your help here!
What's going on here?
Who is this?
Ugh!
I've got a schedule!
You can't do...
What's happening?
Oh!
Watch out!
Get in here! Hurry!
There's so much
I haven't done yet!
Come on. come on. come on!
You've got this! Floor it!
Faster. faster!
I didn't mean that fast!
Oh-ho-ho!
Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho!
-The weather at a glance.
On the scene in Berg.
dust and feathers swirl
within a monstrous twister!
This is not a typical
weather pattern for Berg.
Instead we find ourselves
in a dusty doomsday.
a feathered apocalypse.
if you will!
-Ohhh!
-What is happening?!
There's so many pranks
I haven't pulled!
We're going to be OK.
Just calm down.
-Not happening.
-What are you doing?!
You're doing great. but I'm
pretty sure it's safer inside.
Tell me. while I was gone.
did you order a hot dog?
A hot dog? Arggh!
Definitely not that one!
I won't even get to eat it!
Just stay calm.
It's all under control!
Arggh!
Brace yourself!
We're OK.
Whew! Huh?
ARGH!
-Oh!
-I'm so sorry!
-That does it!
I'm never working
overtime again!
Take this!
If we don't get supernatural
insurance. then I quit!
I'd be better off
selling hot dogs on the street!
-Children?
-Yeah. Mom.
A rare natural phenomenon.
Berg is recovering
after a once-in-a-lifetime
feather storm.
Hello. Mom?
Are you guys alright?
Yeah. great!
-You can't imagine...
All the feathers outside.
unbelievable! Oh!
Walk a little slower.
why don't you?
It's really quite lovely.
and so strange.
-It looks like winter.
-That is strange.
We started filming episode 15.
'Hot City in the Snowstorm'.
because...
Oh!
..everything's covered
in feathers here too.
Just the coincidence we needed!
Yeah. a coincidence indeed.
Now I understand what they say
about fast food...being heavy.
Let's move!
The natural props
are ready to go
so you should be too!
By all means. take your time!
Oh! I've gotta run!
We'll talk later.
Lava. snowstorms -
what will they have for us next?
A tsunami?
Popcorn lava.
a snowstorm made of feathers.
Just like on the show!
So?
So this must mean
there's a Finn...
Or someone...
..that's using
the plot lines from the show
to destroy the town!
Yeah. of course.
it's just what I thought!
-That means someone...
-Someone...
..who has access to
the scripts in advance
and drives a purple truck!
Now we'll be able to
find out what the next crime is!
-And prevent it. of course!
-Hey. hey!
That's what I call
deductive technique!
I've cracked the case wide open!
Ha-ha!
Come on. Watson!
-Huh?
Finnick. we have to go
the other way.
And where's that?
The place where we can find
the latest script to the show.
Told ya!
-Oh. am I a natural!
-Huh.
He's already been here.
-Who?
-That Finn. of course! Oh.
This is it. Yeah. Uh-huh.
-Uh-huh.
-What's in there?
Well. so far.
it's just the Violet Villain
rambling on and on.
Then dancing and singing
and juggling.
Here he plays the bongos.
Ah. right here! Mm-hm.
So? What's it say? Is it awful?
It says there's gonna be
some kind of wheel or something
that's gonna roll...
Well. that's nothing!
We can handle that. Oh!
I mean. you can handle that.
And there's no way this can
threaten an entire town.
I mean. how bad
can a tiny wheel be?
The Ferris wheel.
This production is
a nightmare on film street!
I have to face
a new sabotage every day!
-Let's run!
-What's going on here?
Hey. look!
All clear.
Finnick. help me!
-It's so dark in here.
-Come on!
There's got to be
evidence in there!
Oh. but I can't see a thing.
Finnick?
No-no-no-no-no-no!
Oh. Oh. rats!
Oh!
Huh?
Almost there.
-Finnick?
-Who's in there?
And how did you end up
in my truck?
You're lucky I heard you.
otherwise you'd be stuck
for a while.
What are you doing in there?
Oh. come on. here.
let me help you out.
What? Did you see somebody?
Oh. Yeah. the house
needs a makeover. I know.
Listen.
I need to tell you something.
It might sound
a little crazy. but...
I worked in film.
Nothing seems crazy to me.
What do I do now?
Do I save Christine?
The town? Or do I save myself?
Ohhh!
OK. but I swear
this is the last time!
So you're telling me
that in every house
there's some kind of
invisible monster?
No! Finns aren't monsters.
Well. only yours is.
I think his name is Muffinn.
So he's the one
who's been committing
all these crimes.
and the whole town is in danger?
Yeah.
And he goes by
'Invisible Terror'?
Yeah. It's sort of a lame name.
Ha! Nobody will
ever believe this.
Yeah. I know.
That's because
nobody can see them
unless they have
a piece of their fur.
Huh?
Oh! Oh.
You mean like this?
-The Invisible Terror!
It's not a lame name.
We workshopped it for hours!
So you two
are the Invisible Terror?
Yep!
Um. I need to use
the ladies room.
I'm afraid we don't have
a ladies room.
And I'm afraid
there's no escape.
But why have you been
committing all these crimes?
Aren't you the nosy one?
You guys are geniuses.
How do you do it?
Oh. now that question I like!
Just like a real interview!
A true artist needs to
be able to share his process.
No-one ever believed
in me and my talent.
Yeah. I used to be so lonely.
and I dreamed about
having a real friend!
Not only that.
but they used to mock me!
And Finnick made fun of me
and he provoked all the others
to laugh at my human!
That's so awful!
Until the night
that I lost it all!
The night
that my dream came true!
You don't know a thing
about how to play a villain!
That takes an artistry
you'll never have!
I'd been watching fake villains
in movies and on TV
since I was a kid.
And I never believed
a single word they said.
They made me sick.
Nothing but frauds. all of them.
But those who wouldn't
let real talent shine
were the worst villains of all.
Huh?
Huh.
Hm!
Hm.
Huh!
Hm. Ha!
Hey there.
Argh!
Brrr! It was just a dream.
-Argh!
-How about a paw?
Demon!
What kind of demon are you?!
It's OK. I'm your friend.
I'm sorry...about your shirt.
Do you think it can be fixed?
-Yeah. not so much.
-Oh.
My human deserves to wear
nothing but the very best!
I knew then
I wasn't alone anymore!
-Brrr!
It was then that I knew.
If people thought that I was
no good as an actor
and I could never make it
as a convincing villain...
..then I would show them
exactly what kind of
evil supervillain I had inside!
-This town is mine!
-Oh!
-Breathtaking! Genius!
-Why. thank you.
Huh? Where are you going?
-Um. but why this town?
Oh!
Oh. unfortunately.
your time is up. I gotta run.
Would you like to know
what comes next?
No spoilers here! Ha!
Only in the movies
does the villain
confess his entire plan
in act three.
I already know.
-You're using the wheel.
-How'd you know that?
Acting out the script
from that TV show is obvious.
But the script has been through
several rewrites.
You're gonna love
the new Ferris wheel sequence.
It'll be
the 'roll' of a lifetime!
Boo!
That looks just like a...
Yeah. like a costume
made out of real Finn fur.
Of course. we had to shear a few
Finns to make this masterpiece.
-Yep. yep. had to.
CHRISTINE:
I almost didn't recognise them!
Slimfinn.
Frogfinn.
After we shaved 'em.
they went totally cuckoo.
Just like JB always says.
"Real art requires sacrifice!"
Every day he seems more and more
like a real Finn to me.
Yeah. and in this get-up.
I'm invisible!
The fur makes me itch
like crazy. I'm tellin' you.
but as I always say.
art requires sacrifice.
Still whining
about our fur. are we?
Did you know that Finns
are just wild about ice cream?
Mm!
-What?
Ohhh!
-Hey. you. let my human go!
-Finnick!
Or else you'll see me
go totally loco!
Oh.
Yeah. you let her go right now
or else I'm...
..gonna get Finnicky!
You're no match for me!
I'm crazy strong!
-Give up now!
I suppose I could always use
a little more fur.
Finnick!
Didn't I mention
that I used to be
a member of the hunting club?
Yep. I carried
all the hunters' bags.
Just let her go.
She's totally bonkers!
No-one's gonna
believe her story.
You've got no need for Finnick!
His fur's gonna
wreck your costume!
My fur is fabulous!
Get this lunatic out of here!
Yeah. fabulous
if you like fleas!
Alas. we've run out of time.
so I guess
I'll have to shave
the plump one on the way there.
I am not plump. I am fluffy!
Listen to me. you let her go!
I'm the only one
who gets to see Finns.
Sorry. your fairytale
had to end.
Forever.
MUFFINN:
You weren't really serious?
But of course.
I was deadly serious.
But the houses. I mean.
you wouldn't hurt them. right?
You wouldn't just throw
the Ferris wheel at the town?
Well. of course not. silly!
I'm gonna roll it at the town!
-What?
-This will be unforgettable!
I can't wait
to see my name in lights!
All art requires sacrifice.
When were you going
to tell me about this?
Um. how about now?
But if you destroy
all the homes.
that means you'll
also destroy all the Finns.
Remember?
Not every story
has a happy ending
and no-one's gonna suffer.
I promise.
We're villains.
not animals!
Let me outta here. you animals!
I...have to save Finnick...
and the town!
It's good that my parents
are actors
'cause it's taught me
to take care of myself.
It's locked.
Right.
If I were Sherlock Holmes.
what would I do?
Oh! Are you kidding me?!
Were they having a sale
on bars?!
I refuse to let you do this!
And I refuse
to let you stop me!
Whoa!
This time. my friend.
art requires sacri-FUR!
No! No! No!
You stay here for now.
And you. wiggle on over here.
You're long overdue
for a haircut.
And now you're going to get it.
Wait. Just wait.
It's not that long.
I'd rather have it cut
by a professional.
I know something you want.
Come on.
Dessert?
Hey. you guys!
Anyone want ice cream?
Cool and yummy!
Here they come!
Right this way!
Go get it!
It worked!
There's no telling just
what Finns are capable of.
Don't worry.
I'll give you a trendy trim.
You've got no beef with me.
But I've got beef with you!
Whoa!
Arggh!
Oh! No. no. no. no. no!
Yeesh. I was only
gonna give him a haircut.
Whoa!
I've been meaning to
get that leak repaired.
But perhaps it's best I didn't.
Parting is such sweet sorrow.
I wish I could stick around
for the bonfire.
but I never was
one for barbecue.
You have got to get out of here!
Now. think like
you're Christine.
Uh...
It's time to go now!
So you're having
a bad hair day. It'll grow.
Too tight.
Just one more inch.
That's it. Gotta cut down
on the doughnuts.
-Hey. Muffinn!
-Huh?
Wanna lend a paw here?
Hi!
-Oh. what's wrong with you?!
-Yay!
Ah. well. at least
you're still here. right?
-Huh?
Huh?
Arggh!
So it wasn't the most graceful
escape. but it works for me.
Hey. you guys.
My name is Christine.
I'm Finnick's friend.
I know that it's your.
um. weekly meeting today
and I know you're here.
-No! Please don't leave!
Just hear me out!
JB. the guy with Muffinn.
he kidnaps Finns!
He's shaving off all
their hair and harming them.
And there's more. JB caused
all of Berg's disasters.
Now he plans
to crush the whole town
with the Ferris wheel
from the amusement park.
Your town will be destroyed!
Your houses will be ruined.
Finns and your humans
will be hurt!
We have got to stop this!
And we can if we act together!
Together!
Yeah. I know it's against all
your rules to even talk to me.
But Finnick broke the rules.
and I've broken my rules
to never get too comfortable
in a new town
and never make real friends.
I'm guilty as charged!
But JB has kidnapped Finnick!
And Finnick is my best friend.
who I don't want to lose!
You know how special he is!
Please help me.
I can't do it alone.
-Oh!
-Mm.
Mm.
I think I need a hug!
And to think
I was gonna stay home.
Time to join together!
Sure. it's against our bylaws.
We've vowed
never to reveal ourselves.
But now our way of life
depends on that very thing!
You broke the rules.
and so can we.
I trust you with this.
Huh? Whoa!
That JB is no match for us!
We just have to seize his fur
suit and get that bracelet.
and we can leave the rest
to the police!
Let's teach this guy
some manners!
-I just hope we make it!
Whee!
Huh!
Today I'm the star.
I was born to play the villain.
no directors necessary.
But as I always say.
real art requires sacrifice.
Hey. man.
you got a problem with us?
Excuse me? Excuse you!
Oh!
Ah! Oh! Mm!
I need ice cream!
Not now! Gotta go.
This thing
should have an elevator.
Where do my tax dollars go?!
Finally.
It's nearly showtime!
This moment calls for
an evil laugh.
Whew!
Oh! Oh!
Arggh!
Ugh!
Not you again!
Well. if it isn't
the Invisible Id-i-ot!
My name
is the Invisible Terror!
Whoa.
I should have shaved you
when I had the chance!
Give me that!
-Let me go!
-With pleasure!
-Huh? Oh!
Now. stop trying
to steal my scene!
Huh? What? Again?
I hate
to break it to you.
but you're the worst barber
of all time!
Ow!
Take this! Take that!
Now stay there. Huh!
The lighter!
You looking for this?
Look up there. it's a fire!
-Whoa!
-Yeah. why not?
I'm commandeering
your binoculars.
Huh?
This might be the first time
in a hundred years
Berg has a criminal!
Somebody call the police!
Wait a minute. I am the police!
Look at what you've done!
Alright. let's have it your way!
The audience deserves
to see me in full costume!
Here comes the really fun part!
Whoo!
-Oh!
You've got a front row seat.
don't you?
Arggh!
Ugh.
We're too late!
Finnick?
Finnick!
Wah...
At least now
we can skip the Zipper.
Enjoy the show!
Plus the sequel next season.
The national tour!
Oh! Eugh. Come on!
Huh?
Arggh!
Oh!
Where do you think
you're going?
Christine?
What are you doing here?
Just exploring the town.
Ohhh!
My house
will be the first to go!
It's the only home I've known.
Nope!
That is not going to happen.
Now. what are you waiting for?
Move it. already!
FINN DRIVER:
What. are you blind?
Can't you see my blinker?
We haven't got all day here!
Get out of my way!
-We'll never make it!
-Oh. yes. we will!
Everybody...hang onto your fur!
What in the world?
Push like the wind!
Like you're Finns!
This was not
in the script!
-Wha... Huh?
You can't stop me!
Oh. gross!
You've got to keep
piling them up! Right there!
To the right! The right!
Arggh!
That was a close one!
To the left! Go left!
-They said left!
-All together!
Go. go. go!
Let's do this together!
I can hold it off...
Whoa!
Where'd it go?
-Whoa!
Ha-ha! Hit the road. wheel!
This Finn is on a roll!
-You actually did it. partner!
-Was there ever any doubt?
-Well. maybe just a little.
-Hang on. I'm coming.
I'm running!
Or rather. I'm falling!
Whoa!
CHRISTINE:
OK. so now what's the plan?
I haven't exactly
figured that out yet!
Alright. are we all set?
Wait! Where are my new actors?
-Present!
-Then get on my set!
-Yes. sir! Here we come!
-Oh. wow! Happily!
-Oh.
What is that?
Mom. Dad! What's up?
-Christine!
-It's Christine!
Nobody told me about
the new prop. did they?
I don't know. But I'll add it
to the props list!
Christine!
What are you doing
in there?
Just hanging out.
-What?
-Right.
This calls for stunt 85.
-We're coming. sweetie!
-Everything will be fine.
Don't worry.
Time for stunt one-oh...
Oh! This one never works!
-Whoa!
-Christine. don't let go!
-I've got you!
And I've got you!
And I've got all of you!
I knew the circus training
would come in handy!
What a shot! I got it!
-We all intact?
-Nearly.
My baby.
you're safe and sound with us!
We love you so much. Christine!
And I love you. all of you.
Technology is a curse!
I had the thing in video mode
so why didn't it record?!
Tell me somebody got that!
-Eh.
P.A.: Citizens of Berg!
Please keep calm!
The situation is under control.
Why didn't I just go
to Hollywood?
They know real talent
when they see it.
Scram! And stay there! Huh?
You'll never understand
what real art is.
Actually. I'm a film buff.
Ah! He had time to put on
a bracelet but not pants?
They'll talk about
my performance for years!
-A villain for the ages!
Might I get some heat back here?
My feet are freezing.
Ah. well.
I guess that's over now.
Uh-huh. that's a wrap.
Now we can go our separate ways
and just get back to our lives.
Yeah. we can.
And I guess that I won't
see you from now on.
Deal's a deal.
I intend to keep my promise.
What am I supposed to do
with that?
As if that could ever be my fur.
JB took your fur from me
and so I thought I'd...
Rob an old Finn of the only fur
he's got left? Bleugh.
Plus that colour washes you out.
Huh.
This'll look better on you.
Be careful with it.
It took me all day to braid.
Give the other one
back to Grandpops.
He needs all the fur he can get.
-OK. moving on.
-Does this mean...
..that I could be...
..like. your favourite human
or something?
Well. obviously. Duh!
My B...FF!
-Best Finn Forever!
OK. OK. that's enough now.
Let's get down to business!
-Now. this is fun!
-Yeah. ha-ha!
Ooh! Hey.
thanks for the hyper speed!
That's the only way to ride it.
The formula doesn't have
any side effects so far. right?
Just itching. bloating and gas.
Ha-ha! Nope. no side effects
to see here.
Oh. I feel my fur
coming back to me!
The town! The Ferris wheel!
JB! How could I?
I can barely remember it!
All I know is
I'm addicted to ice cream.
Oh. ice cream?
Did somebody say ice cream?
-I want some!
-Sh! Now calm down and breathe.
You'll all get your ice cream.
but dinner comes first.
Oh. look at us go!
Not too fast now!
Finally a day off!
Hey. you guys. should
we do this again tomorrow?
What do you say?
Whew!
Thank goodness I found you!
Christine!
Listen. we're not working.
Today is our day off.
Yeah. but you've been cast
in a brand-new project!
Uh...what?
-Wait till you read this script.
-Listen. um...
-I've got tickets for the...
-Movies?
-Yeah! For. uh...
-Tomorrow?
Yeah! I thought that maybe
you'd like to go with...
-..to go with...
-It's a deal!
Hey. wait.
how did you know all that?
Is it a yes or a no?
-Oh. just say yes!
-The leading roles?
Yes. yes. yes!
You know what this means.
don't you. babe?
We can afford to fix the house?
Fix it?
-We can afford to buy it!
-Should I take that as a yes?
-Oh. we're not sure.
-Much to discuss.
-I guess we could.
-Yeah.
Don't even try for overtime.
That's right.
and we also need weekends off
to spend time with
our beautiful daughter!
-Christine!
-Ah! Oh!
Yes!
-Get lost!
Yeah. I get it!
These days every home
has to have a series of gadgets.
A smart TV. a shower with wi-fi
and all these talking boxes.
But who really takes care
of the house?
That would be me. That's my job.
Huh? Oh. Hey. Room-bot. you've
only vacuumed two times today!
I'm watching you.
No shirkers allowed!
Huh? Oh! They're coming.
They're coming!
Hey. you. blabber-mouth.
uh. Smart-bot.
please play music.
No-no-no-no-no!
Something softer!
-SMART-BOT: I'm on it.
-Must I teach you everything?
You know.
you really had me shaking
in that last scene!
I had no idea you were
gonna make that choice!
The whole crew
had their mouths wide open!
I can't believe
you nailed it in one take!
By the way.
was that in the script?
No. it was just us.
-Did you get it?
-I sure did.
You're the best.
It's so nice to be home!
That's 'cause you've got me
as your Finn!
Our home is so cute
and cuddly now.
Indeed!
Yeah. it's as if
some invisible presence
is looking after us.
While making our home
so cosy!
Hey. Smart-bot. what's
the secret to a cosy home?
Ha! Like she has any idea!
SMART-BOT: Finns are
the protectors of the home.
Most people have never seen
a Finn before.
There are many different Finns
in houses all over the world.
The Finn in our house
is called Finnick.
What are you doing?!
Christine. how will you
ever eat all that ice cream?
Well. I happen to have
some friends
who just go crazy for it.
Yeah!
Yes. I'm still
having problems with you.
And if you really don't get it.
then I will tell you
one more time.
I am a Finn.
You're more like a techno-Finn.
You talk too much.
Like me. I guess.
But I'm the boss. got it?
SMART-BOT: I'm a quick learner.
Good. or you'll end up
like the toaster.
I'm watching you.
Leave me alone!
My fur is so nice!
Vive l'ice cream!
Mm. yeah! Finnick!
I think he's the best Finn
that there is.